README.md, before:

# community-on-demand

We are building a product to give students a method of learning important employability skills through a fun interactive platform that will keep them engaged based on the existing card game Community On Demand.

Many students graduate high school without realizing what skills their desired career deem essential. Without a plan, they may waste time and money in the pursuit of their goals.
This product is a mobile app that projects an employability curriculum and its supplemental card game in order to aid individuals in designing, measuring, building, and organizing their employability skill sets in order to utilize these skills to create a business within the game. 
The application will serve as a companion for users to be able to keep track of their progress through the curriculum, as well as provide a way for the users to keep track of what skills they have through the use of a badge reward system.
This product differentiates itself by not only having this as a card game that students can play together without needing physical cards but also as a curriculum/business guide in which schools can choose to incorporate in their classes.
This product differentiates itself from other career-ready games by using a curriculum/business guide through an engaging card game in which schools can choose to incorporate into their classes. 

Team Members:

Kelly Tran

John Thieu

Nathan Duong

Kevin Huynh

Jake Smith

Brandon Chung

Release Notes version 1.0:
NEW FEATURES
- Everything you see!
- Create and log into your own Community on Demand account using an email and password. We've gotten some help from Firebase to keep all of your information extra safe!
- Create your own profile so your friends and classmates can find you!
- Let the world know about your skills by playing the Community on Demand Card Game! Swipe left, up, or right on each card to indicate the extent to which you possess its associated skill. We hope this gameplay style isn't all too familiar to some of you.
-

Installation Guide for Community on Demand 1.0 (Windows)
PRE-REQUISITES
- Windows 7 or later
- Windows PowerShell 5.0 or later (comes pre-installed for Windows 10 users)
- 15Gb of disk space (7Gb if not using emulated devices)
DEPENDENCIES
- Download and install Git (https://git-scm.com/download/win)
- Download and install Flutter (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/windows#get-the-flutter-sdk)
- Download and install Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/windows#install-android-studio)
    - Download and install Flutter plugin for Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/editor)
    - If using an actual Android device, set up Android device in Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/windows#set-up-your-android-device)
    - If emulating an Android device, set up emulator in Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/windows#set-up-the-android-emulator)
DOWNLOAD
- Navigate to your desired project folder location in the Command Prompt or Android Studio terminal
- Once in desired directory, paste and run 'git clone https://github.com/kellytran3k/community-on-demand.git'
RUN
- Pick your desired device in the Flutter Device Selection dropdown
- If 'main.dart' is not the selected file in the Run/Debug Configs dropdown to the right of the Flutter Device Selection, then select it
- Press run button to run 'main.dart' (or press Shift+F10)
TROUBLESHOOT
- When attempting to run the application, it may be necessary to manually open the emulator in Flutter Device Selection before pressing run in order to ensure that a device is selected



Installation Guide for Community on Demand 1.0 (MacOS)
PRE-REQUISITES
- Mojave or later
- 15Gb of disk space (7Gb if not using emulated devices)
DEPENDENCIES
- Download and install Git (https://git-scm.com/download/mac)
- Download and install Flutter (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos#get-sdk)
If using for Android:
- Download and install Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos#install-android-studio)
    - Download and install Flutter plugin for Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/editor)
    - If using an actual Android device, set up Android device in Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos#set-up-your-android-device)
    - If emulating an Android device, set up emulator in Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos#set-up-the-android-emulator)
If using for iOS:
- Download and install Xcode (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos#install-xcode)
    - Download and install Flutter plugin for Xcode (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/editor)
    - If using an actual iOS device, you must deploy the app to the device to test it (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos#deploy-to-ios-devices)
    - If emulating an iOS device, set up emulator in Xcode (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos#set-up-the-ios-simulator)
DOWNLOAD
- Navigate to your desired project folder location in the Command Prompt or Android Studio terminal
- Once in desired directory, paste and run 'git clone https://github.com/kellytran3k/community-on-demand.git'
RUN
- Pick your desired device in the Flutter Device Selection dropdown
- If 'main.dart' is not the selected file in the Run/Debug Configs dropdown to the right of the Flutter Device Selection, then select it
- Press run button to run 'main.dart' (or press Shift+F10)
TROUBLESHOOT
- When attempting to run the application, it may be necessary to manually open the emulator in Flutter Device Selection before pressing run in order to ensure that a device is selected

Commit message:

Add extra step for running application

README.md, after:

# community-on-demand

We are building a product to give students a method of learning important employability skills through a fun interactive platform that will keep them engaged based on the existing card game Community On Demand.

Many students graduate high school without realizing what skills their desired career deem essential. Without a plan, they may waste time and money in the pursuit of their goals.
This product is a mobile app that projects an employability curriculum and its supplemental card game in order to aid individuals in designing, measuring, building, and organizing their employability skill sets in order to utilize these skills to create a business within the game. 
The application will serve as a companion for users to be able to keep track of their progress through the curriculum, as well as provide a way for the users to keep track of what skills they have through the use of a badge reward system.
This product differentiates itself by not only having this as a card game that students can play together without needing physical cards but also as a curriculum/business guide in which schools can choose to incorporate in their classes.
This product differentiates itself from other career-ready games by using a curriculum/business guide through an engaging card game in which schools can choose to incorporate into their classes. 

Team Members:

Kelly Tran

John Thieu

Nathan Duong

Kevin Huynh

Jake Smith

Brandon Chung

Release Notes version 1.0:
NEW FEATURES
- Everything you see!
- Create and log into your own Community on Demand account using an email and password. We've gotten some help from Firebase to keep all of your information extra safe!
- Create your own profile so your friends and classmates can find you!
- Let the world know about your skills by playing the Community on Demand Card Game! Swipe left, up, or right on each card to indicate the extent to which you possess its associated skill. We hope this gameplay style isn't all too familiar to some of you.
-

Installation Guide for Community on Demand 1.0 (Windows)
PRE-REQUISITES
- Windows 7 or later
- Windows PowerShell 5.0 or later (comes pre-installed for Windows 10 users)
- 15Gb of disk space (7Gb if not using emulated devices)
DEPENDENCIES
- Download and install Git (https://git-scm.com/download/win)
- Download and install Flutter (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/windows#get-the-flutter-sdk)
- Download and install Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/windows#install-android-studio)
    - Download and install Flutter plugin for Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/editor)
    - If using an actual Android device, set up Android device in Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/windows#set-up-your-android-device)
    - If emulating an Android device, set up emulator in Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/windows#set-up-the-android-emulator)
DOWNLOAD
- Navigate to your desired project folder location in the Command Prompt or Android Studio terminal
- Once in desired directory, paste and run 'git clone https://github.com/kellytran3k/community-on-demand.git'
RUN
- Run 'flutter pub get', 'flutter pub upgrade', and 'flutter pub outdated' to ensure that all dependencies are up to date and retrieved prior to running the app
- Pick your desired device in the Flutter Device Selection dropdown
- If 'main.dart' is not the selected file in the Run/Debug Configs dropdown to the right of the Flutter Device Selection, then select it
- Press run button to run 'main.dart' (or press Shift+F10)
TROUBLESHOOT
- When attempting to run the application, it may be necessary to manually open the emulator in Flutter Device Selection before pressing run in order to ensure that a device is selected



Installation Guide for Community on Demand 1.0 (MacOS)
PRE-REQUISITES
- Mojave or later
- 15Gb of disk space (7Gb if not using emulated devices)
DEPENDENCIES
- Download and install Git (https://git-scm.com/download/mac)
- Download and install Flutter (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos#get-sdk)
If using for Android:
- Download and install Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos#install-android-studio)
    - Download and install Flutter plugin for Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/editor)
    - If using an actual Android device, set up Android device in Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos#set-up-your-android-device)
    - If emulating an Android device, set up emulator in Android Studio (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos#set-up-the-android-emulator)
If using for iOS:
- Download and install Xcode (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos#install-xcode)
    - Download and install Flutter plugin for Xcode (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/editor)
    - If using an actual iOS device, you must deploy the app to the device to test it (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos#deploy-to-ios-devices)
    - If emulating an iOS device, set up emulator in Xcode (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos#set-up-the-ios-simulator)
DOWNLOAD
- Navigate to your desired project folder location in the Command Prompt or Android Studio terminal
- Once in desired directory, paste and run 'git clone https://github.com/kellytran3k/community-on-demand.git'
RUN
- Run 'flutter pub get', 'flutter pub upgrade', and 'flutter pub outdated' to ensure that all dependencies are up to date and retrieved prior to running the app
- Pick your desired device in the Flutter Device Selection dropdown
- If 'main.dart' is not the selected file in the Run/Debug Configs dropdown to the right of the Flutter Device Selection, then select it
- Press run button to run 'main.dart' (or press Shift+F10)
TROUBLESHOOT
- When attempting to run the application, it may be necessary to manually open the emulator in Flutter Device Selection before pressing run in order to ensure that a device is selected
